<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "../dtd/concept.dtd">
<concept id="basic" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title>About This Guide</title>
 <conbody>
   <section>
     <title>What This Guide Contains</title>
     The Installation Guide contains information on how to use ArjunaCore 4.12.0.
   </section>
   <section>
     <title>Audience</title>
     This guide is most relevant to engineers who are responsible for installing ArjunaCore 4.12.0.
   </section>
   <section>
     <title>Prerequisites</title>
     None
   </section>
   <section>
     <title>Document Conventions</title>
     The following conventions are used in this guide:
     <simpletable>
       <sthead>
	 <stentry>Convention</stentry>
	 <stentry>Description</stentry>
       </sthead>
       <strow>
	 <stentry><i>Italic</i></stentry>
	 <stentry>In paragraph text, <i>italic</i> identifies the titles of documents that are
	 being referenced. When used in conjunction with the <codeph>Code</codeph> text
	 described below, italics identify a variable that should be replaced
	 by the user with an actual value.</stentry>
       </strow>
       <strow>
	 <stentry><b>Bold</b></stentry>
	 <stentry>Emphasizes items of particular importance.</stentry>
       </strow>
       <strow>
	 <stentry><codeph>Code</codeph></stentry>
	 <stentry>Text that represents program code.</stentry>
       </strow>
       <strow>
	 <stentry>
	   <menucascade>
	     <uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
	     <uicontrol>Open</uicontrol>
	   </menucascade>
	 </stentry>
	 <stentry>A path to a function or dialog box within an interface. For
	 example,
	 <menucascade><uicontrol>File</uicontrol><uicontrol>Open</uicontrol></menucascade>
	 indicates that you should select the Open function from the file
	 menu.</stentry>
       </strow>
       <strow>
	 <stentry>( ) and |</stentry>
	 <stentry>Parentheses enclose optional items in command syntax. The vertical bar (pipe) separates syntax items in a list of choices. For example, any of the following three items can be entered in this syntax: persistPolicy (Never | OnTimer | OnUpdate | NoMoreOftenThan)</stentry>
       </strow>
       <strow>
	 <stentry><note type="note"></note> or <note type="warning"></note></stentry>
	 <stentry>A note highlights important supplemental information. A
	 warning highlights procedures or information that is necessary to avoid
	 damage to equipment, damage to software, loss of data, or invalid test
	 results.</stentry>
       </strow>
     </simpletable>
   </section>

   <section>
     <title>Additional Documentation</title>
     <ul>
       <li>ArjunaCore 4.12.0 Release Notes:  Provides late­breaking information about ArjunaCore 4.12.0.</li>
       <li>ArjunaCore 4.12.0 Administration Guide:  This guide provides instructions for administering ArjunaCore 4.12.0.</li>
       <li>ArjunaCore 4.12.0 Programmer’s Guide:  Provides guidance for writing applications. </li>
     </ul>
   </section>

   <section>
     <title>Contacting Us</title>
     Questions or comments about ArjunaCore 4.12.0 should be directed to our support team.
   </section>
 </conbody>
</concept>
