<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><concept xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="setting_properties" xml:lang="en-us" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.2" domains="(topic concept)                            (topic hi-d)                             (topic ut-d)                             (topic indexing-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic abbrev-d)                            (topic pr-d)                             (topic sw-d)                            (topic ui-d)    " class="- topic/topic concept/concept ">

 <title class="- topic/title ">Setting Properties</title>
 <shortdesc class="- topic/shortdesc "/>
 <prolog class="- topic/prolog "><author class="- topic/author " type="creator">Andrew Dinn</author><author class="- topic/author " type="creator">Jonathan Halliday</author><author class="- topic/author " type="contributor">Misty Stanley-Jones</author><author class="- topic/author " type="creator">Mark Little</author><copyright class="- topic/copyright ">
      <copyryear class="- topic/copyryear " year="2009"/>
      <copyrholder class="- topic/copyrholder ">JBoss, Inc.</copyrholder>
    </copyright><critdates class="- topic/critdates ">
      <created class="- topic/created " date="2009-06-16"/>
      <revised class="- topic/revised " modified="2010-08-04"/>
    </critdates></prolog><conbody class="- topic/body  concept/conbody ">
   <p class="- topic/p ">
     ArjunaCore has been designed to be highly configurable at runtime through
     the use of various property attributes, which will be described in
     subsequent sections. Although these attributes can be provided at runtime
     on the command line, it is possible (and may be more convenient) to specify
     them through a single properties file. At runtime ArjunaCore looks for the
     file jbossts-properties.xml in the following order:
   </p>     
   <ol class="- topic/ol ">
     <li class="- topic/li ">the current working directory, i.e., where the application was executed
     from.</li>
     <li class="- topic/li ">the user’s home directory.</li>
     <li class="- topic/li ">the etc directory of the ArjunaCore installation; this must be placed
     in your <varname class="+ topic/keyword sw-d/varname ">CLASSPATH.</varname></li>
   </ol>
   <p class="- topic/p ">
     If found, all entries within this file will be added to the system
     properties. Obviously non- ArjunaCore specific properties can also be
     specified in this file. For example:
   </p>
   <codeblock xml:space="preserve" class="+ topic/pre pr-d/codeblock ">
     &lt;property
	 name="com.arjuna.ats.arjuna.coordinator.asyncCommit"
	 value="NO"/&gt;
     &lt;property
	 name="com.arjuna.ats.arjuna.objectstore.objectStoreDir"
	 value="c:\temp\ObjectStore"/&gt;
   </codeblock>
   <p class="- topic/p ">
     The name of the properties file can be overridden at runtime by specifying
     a new file using the
     <varname class="+ topic/keyword sw-d/varname ">com.arjuna.ats.arjuna.common.propertiesFile</varname> attribute
     variable.
   </p>
 </conbody>
</concept>